

ISOS Solutions

Your partner for Data Science, Network Analysis and Mathematical Modelling 


Data Science

Trends and patterns are often hidden in the data and can only be reveiled when the right questtions and the right transformations are applied. Blind application of the the standard toolstack might lead to wrong conclusions. Instead we first evaluate which questions should be asked first and then move on to develop, train and fit models, determine latent variables and to test hypotheses


Network Analysis

Network-theoretic questions often arise in the context of relational data, or multi-component systems such as plants or mobility infrastructure. Questions of robustness, volnurability, stability arise that can be addressed with network theoretic tools. With our background in graph theory and stochastic networks, we can identify the right modelling setup for your problems. 


Mathematical Consultation

The first and often most important step in the journey of understanding data is to ask the right questions which turn the task into a tractable one. In this process one needs to translate a question into a formal setting, that may then be tackled with the appropriate tools. We assist you in finding the right formal framework to solve your data questions. 



  

Optimizing processes, enhancing stability or robustness or looking at relational data  a system or whether the data you have is relational or correlated, there is a huge toolbox of network analysis to use. More over centralities, compactness, shortest paths and robustness measures are give deep  insights into the problems.
  
We translate your data into a network and analyze the significance, stability and robustness of its links and nodes. We determine the centralities, compactness and functionality of the network



Background:

We are two mathematicians with a thorough training in statistics, stochastic processes, combinatorics and graph theory.
Our proximity to the research allows us to develop cutting edge solutions to your problems and think about customized solutions for your problem in particular. 